Explicitly support EUI Icons in EuiContextMenuItemIcon type definition (#7804)
elastic/eui: packages/eui/changelogs/upcoming/7804.md

> - Modify `EuiContextMenuItemIcon` type definition to explicitly define support for EuiIcon's icon definition (i.e `IconType`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated `EuiContextMenuItemIcon`'s type definition to explicitly define support for `EuiIcon`'s `IconType`
```
